README.md, before:

# Laravel Shopify App

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify?branch=master)
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/96462257/shield?branch=master)](https://styleci.io/repos/96462257)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify)

A full-featured Laravel package for aiding in Shopify App development, similar to `shopify_app` for Rails. Works for Laravel 5.5-5.6.

![Screenshot](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/raw/master/screenshot.png)
![Screenshot: Billable](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/raw/master/screenshot-billable.png)

## Table of Contents

__*__ *Wiki pages*

- [Goals](#goals)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Requirements](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki/Requirements)*
- [Installation](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki/Installation)*  *(Also: [Video of Quick Install](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vU8XrJQQPMo))*
- [Route List](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki/Route-List)*
- [Usage](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki/Usage)*
- [Changelog](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki/Changelog)*
- [Roadmap](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki/Roadmap)*
- [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [LICENSE](#license)

For more information, tutorials, etc., please view the project's [wiki](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki).

## Goals

- [x] Provide assistance in developing Shopify apps with Laravel
- [x] Integration with Shopify API
- [x] Authentication & installation for shops
- [x] Billing integration built-in for single and recurring application charges
- [x] Tracking charges to a shop (recurring, single, usage, etc) with trial support
- [x] Auto install app webhooks and scripttags thorugh background jobs
- [x] Provide basic ESDK views
- [x] Handles and processes incoming webhooks
- [x] Handles and verifies incoming app proxy requests

## Documentation

For full resources on this package, see the [wiki](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki).

For internal documentation, it is [available here](https://ohmybrew.com/laravel-shopify/) from phpDocumentor.

## LICENSE

This project is released under the MIT [license](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Removed video link in readme, new one to come. Fixed StyleCI issue.

README.md, after:

# Laravel Shopify App

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify?branch=master)
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/96462257/shield?branch=master)](https://styleci.io/repos/96462257)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify)

A full-featured Laravel package for aiding in Shopify App development, similar to `shopify_app` for Rails. Works for Laravel 5.5-5.6.

![Screenshot](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/raw/master/screenshot.png)
![Screenshot: Billable](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/raw/master/screenshot-billable.png)

## Table of Contents

__*__ *Wiki pages*

- [Goals](#goals)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Requirements](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki/Requirements)*
- [Installation](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki/Installation)*  *(New video guide to come soon)*
- [Route List](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki/Route-List)*
- [Usage](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki/Usage)*
- [Changelog](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki/Changelog)*
- [Roadmap](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki/Roadmap)*
- [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [LICENSE](#license)

For more information, tutorials, etc., please view the project's [wiki](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki).

## Goals

- [x] Provide assistance in developing Shopify apps with Laravel
- [x] Integration with Shopify API
- [x] Authentication & installation for shops
- [x] Billing integration built-in for single and recurring application charges
- [x] Tracking charges to a shop (recurring, single, usage, etc) with trial support
- [x] Auto install app webhooks and scripttags thorugh background jobs
- [x] Provide basic ESDK views
- [x] Handles and processes incoming webhooks
- [x] Handles and verifies incoming app proxy requests

## Documentation

For full resources on this package, see the [wiki](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki).

For internal documentation, it is [available here](https://ohmybrew.com/laravel-shopify/) from phpDocumentor.

## LICENSE

This project is released under the MIT [license](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/blob/master/LICENSE).

## Misc

I develop this package in my spare time, with a busy family/work life like many of you! So, I would like to thank everyone who's helped me out from submitting PRs, to assisting on issues, and plain using the package (I hope its useful). Cheers.
